The article begin takling the story of Julia Rozovsky, whose started working at a consulting firm, then she became a researcher for two professors at Harvard, before deciding to attend  business schools at Yale School of Management. There she was experiance two two studies groups. The two groups were dissimilar. Each was composed of people who were bright and outgoing. When she talked one on one with members of her study group, the exchanges were friendly and warm. It was only when they gathered as a team that things became fraught. By contrast, her case-competition team was always fun and easygoing.<b> <b>

The second part of the article decsuss the productivity of the individusls. Recently, many firms realized that the old method the they usually used to enhance their employee performance need revided. The article mentioned on of study as a demonestration for this view. the study claim that ‘‘the time spent by managers and employees in collaborative activities has ballooned by 50 percent or more’’ over the last two decades and that, at many companies, more than three-quarters of an employee’s day is spent communicating with colleagues. 
Working in team holds many advantages such as  better achievement, faster innovate , see mistakes more quickly and find better solutions to problems, and increase of the profitability.<b> <b>

After that the writter moves to talk about google experiance of building team works between the employee. The company lunched a project named Aristotle in 2012 aimed at study hundreds of Google’s teams and figure out why some stumbled while others soared. Google decided to assign Rozovsky to this project, which began by study a half-century of academic studies looking at how teams worked and collecting data about the company employee, but it was almost impossible to find patterns — or any evidence that the composition of a team made any difference. So they starting new stratigy by focusing on what are known as "group norms".Norms are the traditions, behavioral standards and unwritten rules that govern how we function when we gather for instances when team members described a particular behavior as an ‘‘unwritten rule’’ or when they explained certain things as part of the ‘‘team’s culture.’’ After looking at over a hundred groups for more than a year, Project Aristotle researchers concluded that understanding and influencing group norms were the keys to improving Google’s teams. <b> <b>

Result of study conducted by a group of psychologists from Carnegie Mellon, M.I.T. and Union College in 2008 found out that what distinguished the ‘‘good’’ teams from the dysfunctional groups was how teammates treated one another.In other word,tThe right norms, in other words, could raise a group’s collective intelligence, whereas the wrong norms could hobble a team, even if, individually, all the members were exceptionally bright. <b> <b>

As the researchers studied the groups, however, they noticed two behaviors that all the good teams generally shared. First, on the good teams, members spoke in roughly the same proportion, a phenomenon the researchers referred to as ‘‘equality in distribution of conversational turn-taking.’’. Second, the good teams all had high ‘‘average social sensitivity’’ — a fancy way of saying they were skilled at intuiting how others felt based on their tone of voice, their expressions and other nonverbal cues. On the later team individuals is presearve the  psychological safety;’’ Psychological safety is ‘‘a sense of confidence that the team will not embarrass, reject or punish someone for speaking up,’’
