### An Introduction to Node.js on sitepoint.com
- What is node.js?
- **Answer:** Node.js is an open-source, cross-platform, back-end JavaScript runtime environment that runs on the V8 engine and executes JavaScript code outside a web browser.
- In your own words, what is Chrome’s V8 JavaScript Engine?
**Answer:** The V8 engine is the open-source JavaScript engine that runs in Google Chrome and other Chromium-based web browsers, including Brave, Opera, and Vivaldi. 
- What does it mean that node is a JavaScript runtime?
- **Answer:** This means that Node.js is a program we can use to execute JavaScript on our computers.
- What is npm?
**Answer:** npm is a package manager for the JavaScript programming language
- What version of node are you running on your machine?
- **Answer:**v12.21.0
- What version of npm are you running on your machine?
- **Answer:**6.14.11
- What command would you type to install a library/package called ‘jshint’?
- **Answer:** npm install -g jshint
- What is node used for?
**Answer:**to create a sensible development environment in which they can run.
### 6 Reasons for Pair Programming
- What are the 6 reasons for pair programming?
- **Answer:**  Greater efficiency, Engaged collaboration, Learning from fellow students, Social skills, Job interview readiness, and Work environment readiness. 
- In your experience, which of these reasons have you found most beneficial?
- **Answer:** Social skills
- How does pair programming work?
- **Answer:** pair programming commonly involves two roles: the Driver and the Navigator. The Driver is the programmer who is typing and the only one whose hands are on the keyboard. The Navigator uses their words to guide the Driver but does not provide any direct input to the computer.

