 #### Based off the diagram:
 - what happens first, the ‘render’ or the ‘componentDidMount’?
 render
- What is the very first thing to happen in the lifecycle of React?
Mounting
Put the following things in the order that they happen: 
componentDidMount, render, constructor, componentWillUnmount, React Updates.
What does componentDidMount do?

##### **Netlify** is a San Francisco-based cloud computing company that offers hosting and serverless backend services for web applications and static websites.

##### React State Vs Props- Questions: 
- What types of things can you pass in the props?: it is like arguments inside function so we use it when we create component inside the react and we want to reander it 
- What is the big difference between props and state?
props" (short for "properties") is an object of arbitrary inputs a React function component accepts as the first argument. "state" is data that changes over the lifetime of a specific instance of a React component.
- When do we re-render our application?
A re-render can only be triggered if a component's state has changed
- What are some examples of things that we could store in state?
whwn we wanrt to render and update our application based on something changed. for example passing title and description down because we want to render, and inside a form (an input elemnet, checkbox) which will be updated by users. 

### React Bootstrap:
- it is the most popular front-end framework that rebuilt for React.
- React-Bootstrap just works with the thousands of Bootstrap themes.
- The React component model gives us more control over form and function of each component..

### State and Lifecycle:
- `ReactDOM.render()` used to change the rendered output and to update the UI
