
### What Google Learned From Its Quest to Build the Perfect Team
sammarized in 201 class 14
### How I explained REST to my brother
- Who is Roy Fielding?
- **Answer:** smart guy 
- Why don’t the techniques that we use today work well when we need to be able to  talk to all of the machines in the world?
- **Answer:**Because they weren't designed to be used like that.
- What is the HTTP protocol that Fielding and his friends created?
- **Answer:** HTTP is a protocol which allows the fetching of resources, such as HTML documents
- What does a GET do?
- **Answer:**GET is used to request data from a specified resource.
- What does a POST do?
- **Answer:** POST is used to send data to a server to create/update a resource.
- What does PUT do?
- **Answer:** PUT is used to send data to a server to create/update a resource.
The difference between POST and PUT is that PUT requests are idempotent.
- What does PATCH do?
- **Answer:** The HTTP PATCH request method applies partial modifications to a resource.

### API Keys
Request a personal API key from the following APIs. You should receive these in your email within a few hours, often within minutes. Please request these keys prior to lecture to allow adequate time because you will need them in order to complete your lab assignment. Note: do not post your API keys in the Canvas discussion or on GitHub. Save them in a secure place.

#### Geocoding API
- Did you get your API key?
- **Answer:** YES
#### Weather Bit API
- Did you get your API key?
- **Answer:** YES
#### Yelp API Docs
- Did you get your API key?
- **Answer:** YES
#### The Movie DB API Docs
- Did you get your API key?
- **Answer:** YES